# CS5656 Deep Learning Homeworks and Competitions

## Homworks
1. Lab2 : EDA_PCA
2. Lab3 : Decision Tree & Random Forest
3. Lab4 : Perceptron, Adaline, and Optimization
4. Lab5 : Regression
5. Lab6 : Regularization 
6. Lab7 : Logistic regression and Evaluation metrics
7. Lab8 : Non-Parametric Methods & SVMs 
8. Lab9 : CV_Ensembleing
9. Lab10 : TensorFlow101 and Word2vec
10. Lab12_1 : CNN
11. Lab12_2 : Visualization_and_Style_Transfer
12. Lab13 : Seq2Seq Learning for Machine Translation
13. Lab14_1 : Autoencoder
14. Lab14_2 : GAN
15. Lab16 Q-Learning
16. Lab17 : DQN&Policy Network

## [DataLab Cup 1: Predicting Appropriate Response](https://nthu-datalab.github.io/ml/competitions/01_Response_Selection/01_Response_Selection.html)
In this competition, you have to select the most appropriate response from 6 candidates based on previous chat message. You are provided with lines of total 8 tv programs as training data, and each program has serveral episodes. You also get a question collection which contains 1 chat history and 6 condidate responses for each question. Your goal is to learn a function that is able to predict the best response.

## [DataLab Cup 2: CNN for Object Detection](https://nthu-datalab.github.io/ml/competitions/02_Object_Detection/02_Object_Detection.html)
In this competition, you have to train a model that recognize objects in an image. Your goal is to output bounding boxes for objects.

## [DataLab Cup 3: Image Caption](https://nthu-datalab.github.io/ml/competitions/03_Image-Caption/03_Image-Caption.html)

## [DataLab Cup 4: Reverse Image Caption](https://nthu-datalab.github.io/ml/competitions/04_Reverse-Image-Caption/04_Reverse_Image_Caption.html)

## [DataLab Cup 5: You draw I draw](https://nthu-datalab.github.io/ml/competitions/05_Deep_Reinforcement_Learning_2018/05_You-Draw-I-Draw.html)

In this competition, you have to output a stroke based on previous sketch generated by you and your opponent. You are provided with Quick, Draw! dataset as training data and sketch-rnn as your training model. Your goal is to train a generator that can make the sketch look like class that your model want to draw. In this competiton, we use "hot air balloon", "bulb", "ice cream", "microphone" as classes to draw.